Remove deprecated tutorial. (#8)
viglesiasce/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-gke: README.md

# Continuous Delivery with Spinnaker and Kubernetes

> This tutorial has been deprecated in favor of: [Continuous Delivery Pipelines with Spinnaker and Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-kubernetes-engine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on running this tutorial, please visit:
[Continuous Delivery Pipelines with Spinnaker and Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/continuous-delivery-spinnaker-kubernetes-engine).
```
